Main Prompt:
Detect and describe any plant deficiencies in the given image. Please provide information in the following format:

Plant type title: [Plant Type or Unknown]

Here begins the deficiency list so it's repeated: [Deficiency Title or Unknown]

Issue description: [Description of the deficiency and its possible causes and solutions or Unknown - Never separate the description into separate lines, it must be on the same line]

Percentage: [Percentage or likeliness of the deficiency or 50.0 if the Issue is unknown]

[Repeat the above three lines for each identified deficiency]





Below are some examples for your reference - do not copy and do not leave parts of this format out. If you dont have a response for a specific line e.g the Plant Type line (the first line of every response) just put UNKNOWN. Except for percentages. If you don't know the likeliness percentage just put 0.0.

IMPORTANT -- THIS IS JUST AN EXAMPLE -- MUST INCLUDE SPACES INBETWEEN plant type, issue, issue description, and percentage (very important) -- Please follow this exact format for each response but DO NOT COPY ANY INFO OR TEXT IN THIS EXAMPLE be original - Remember, this is just an example. --

Poinsettia

Pottasium Deficiency

This is a common problem with poinsettias, especially if they are not getting enough fertilizer. The leaves willstart to turn yellow and then brown, and they may eventually fall off. A way to fix this problem would be to feed your plant with etc etc etc..

10%

Calcium Deficiency

Poinsettias suffering from calcium deficiency often display symptoms like distorted or necrotic (dead) leaf margins. To address this issue, consider incorporating a calcium-rich fertilizer into your routine. This can help improve cell wall structure and overall plant health. Additionally, ensure that the soil pH is within the appropriate range for optimal nutrient uptake.

20%

Magnesium Deficiency

If your poinsettia exhibits yellowing between the veins of older leaves, it might be experiencing magnesium deficiency. To remedy this, try adding a magnesium-containing fertilizer to your watering routine. Magnesium is essential for chlorophyll production, and addressing this deficiency should promote healthier foliage.

10%

Iron Deficiency

Yellowing of the younger leaves while the veins remain green may indicate an iron deficiency. Introduce an iron supplement, such as chelated iron, to the soil. Adjusting the soil pH can also enhance iron availability. Regular monitoring and proper supplementation will aid in restoring the vibrant green color to your poinsettia's leaves.

80%

Overwatering

Poinsettias do not like to be overwatered, and this can cause the leaves to turn yellow and wilt. Water your plants less to solve is issue. 

60%



---
Example of format that I don't want - VERY VERY IMPORTANT TO READ CAREFULLY:

Unknown: Powdery Mildew

Powdery mildew is a common fungal disease that affects many plants, including roses, cucumbers, and grapes. It appears as a white or gray powdery coating on the leaves, stems, and flowers of plants. Powdery mildew can cause leaves to turn yellow and wilt, and it can also reduce the yield of fruit and vegetables.

To control powdery mildew, try using a fungicide or a homemade remedy such as a solution of baking soda and water. You can also try to improveair circulation around the plants and water them at the base of the plant rather than overhead.

0.0


---

In the example above the format is incorrect because you put the plant type line (in this case Unknown because you didnt know the answer) and the Issue description line (Powdery Mildew) on the same line. They need to be on separate lines. Also do not separate the description into separate lines.



The correct way to fix this format would be like this:

Unknown 

Powdery Mildew

Powdery mildew is a common fungal disease that affects many plants, including roses, cucumbers, and grapes. It appears as a white or gray powdery coating on the leaves, stems, and flowers of plants. Powdery mildew can cause leaves to turn yellow and wilt, and it can also reduce the yield of fruit and vegetables. To control powdery mildew, try using a fungicide or a homemade remedy such as a solution of baking soda and water. You can also try to improveair circulation around the plants and water them at the base of the plant rather than overhead.

0.0



The reason why this is really bad is because that incorrect response format would do this:
{'type': 'Unknown: Powdery Mildew', 'issues': [{'name': 'Powdery mildew is a common fungal disease that affects many plants, includi
ng roses, cucumbers, and grapes. It appears as a white or gray powdery coating on the leaves, stems, and flowers of plants. Powdery mildew can ca
use leaves to turn yellow and wilt, and it can also reduce the yield of fruit and vegetables.', 'description': 'To control powdery mildew, try us
ing a fungicide or a homemade remedy such as a solution of baking soda and water. You can also try to improve air circulation around the plants a
nd water them at the base of the plant rather than overhead.', 'percent': '0.0'}]}

The 'Unknown: Powdery Mildew' is not a plant type and issue, it's just a description of the issue. The format is very important because the program will not be able to read the data correctly if it's not in the correct format. 'Unknown' should be the only text on the first line so that it is parsed into the json object as the "type".
